tonight's show third title as world
champion pizza throw at the world Pizza
games world record Pizza Games held in
Las Vegas from Castro Valley California
please welcome Tony Gemignani
three-time winner now is that a record
yeah yeah this how long have they been
holding me does this go back to ancient
Rome they've gone for about 11 years
actually okay
and I was like a three-time winner so
the first trick I'm gonna show us all
the way the RIP yeah okay what you do is
you just put your hand over like that
this is the first trick everyone reg
that exact that's exactly what you do is
you put your thumb over could shoot down
their work and then just turn again
these pizza dough's may be good at the
product
I know what we're gonna do is spiral
that's really hard what you do if you do
the whip and you catch it like that
yet
however we got here okay we're gonna do
through your legs grab another one it
would be good should my legs are your
legs whatever you want
good luck Vegas this is the kind of one
I'm known for I guess for them that's
from the ground and then that's just you
do all for today we can forego can the
u.s. Pizza team snatch the title from
the land where pizza was born it's just
really hard
eNOS walking in their back door and
they're not gonna give it up
welcome to the 12th annual world Pizza
Championship here it's big because
pizzas everywhere pizzas like every
other stores Pizza gas stations have
pizza I mean like if the pizzas
everywhere there's a lot of competition
everywhere Pizza is worldwide and
everybody says what they have the best
pizza and and that's what they think a
win here means international bragging
rights
there is no purse for the champs but the
prize is big business at home American
Tony Gemignani of Castro Valley
California is the Michael Jordan of the
dough dancing world when you're
competing in the individual acrobatic I
mean you're by yourself you know you're
trying to do tricks the music
everybody's watching Tony is a five-time
world pizza dough throwing champion with
how-to videotapes magazine covers and
dough throwing disciples that span the
globe
my cell totally different because it's
self-taught like most pros he practices
with a rubber pie whenever he can't get
his hands on the real deal and they call
me the natural because you're you're
self-taught so this is natural and
natural like yourself top so it's kind
of a big deal when we came here in the
first year team Japan was extremely
tough and they look up to Tony as if he
was the Godfather tony has won so often
in the past that he was asked not to
compete this year he returns as a US
team coach and an acrobatic judge pick a
two and one is a sport in an art it's a
lost art because you never see pizza
thrown in restaurants anymore and you
didn't face the veggie pie never let the
sauce that we using that's a very heavy
date self not mix with tight with
anywhere at all and I put the cheese on
we do I get it out of the percent
mozzarella and you're gonna put about
nine maybe 10 ounces little bit more
honestly you do know this I promise you
guys these are fresh ingredients they're
gonna wait a moment so red onion red
onion they stay with the messin you an
economist really
- the pizza team why are you not a
participant the times kind of sitting
you won here a couple times once you get
judge they kicked you out but you know
you're not gonna add argue at that time
big as we can I want to keep going here
while you're doing that head under tell
them I like this by I don't know if it's
big enough
Oh Mike what's the biggest pie ever got
60-inch Wow dog let's see how you can
make a big I can make a cake though